Add Trusty OS as tier 3 target (#129490)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/platform-support/trusty.md

# `aarch64-unknown-trusty` and `armv7-unknown-trusty`

**Tier: 3**

[Trusty] is a secure Operating System that provides a Trusted Execution
Environment (TEE) for Android.

## Target maintainers

- Nicole LeGare (@randomPoison)
- Stephen Crane (@rinon)
- As a fallback trusty-dev-team@google.com can be contacted

## Requirements

This target is cross-compiled. It has no special requirements for the host.

> It fully supports alloc with the default allocator, and partially supports std.
> Notably, most I/O functionality is not supported, e.g. filesystem support and
> networking support are not present and any APIs that rely on them will panic at
> runtime.

Reviewer: Until std support is implemented, let's be clear that it is WIP.
```suggestion
Support for the standard library is work-in-progress. It is expected that
they will supports alloc with the default allocator, and partially supports std.
```

Author: Good point, I've updated the wording.
